listen the PhD student working with a
professor it's a lot like a marriage I'm
so happy to meet you tell me about
yourself yeah um I was hoping that maybe
my whole thing typically lasts five to
seven years
who you oh I'm a grad student 50% of
them and a bitter divorce yes I would
love to take you as my PhD see really
they're kicking me out
and they don't call my niche and a big
ceremony where you walk down the aisle
wearing a fancy gown hey chase me for
stage the teaching assistant for
professor she's class I watched it whole
society last night for inspiration you
know that movie doesn't end well captain
my captain yeah
I was research going push you know
you're never supposed to ask a grad
student that question do you have any
kids
uh no married no seen no Oh how's your
thesis going actually I'm still in
school Oh
in the highest levels of higher
education there's always some one
o'clock why why am I doing this I have a
college degree a monkey could do that
research is torture I need help with
them
oh let's see what you got I haven't
actually done any of it I need your
results on my desk by Monday what this
number you have here that's a seven but
what does it represent the answer
actually sir I've been having some some
problems but why did you get that answer
because the problem asked for it in
academia we never used the word
problem call them challenges issues
never problem aren't you supposed to
help me I have issues my problem working
hard are you in this class are hardly
working
you ever feel like you're just gonna
posture around here
[Music]
you'd be a grad student forever I'm
gonna be 35 in a few 35 in b7 grad
schools goin great I'm actually doing an
independent study for a professor it's
called a workspace augmentation of
photon and payment through impurities
removal
[Music]
Oh
Clio higher and deeper
oh I forgot then of the students telling
this in late
could you bring them to come on can we
just bury them oh just your feelings